README.md, before:

# [SAVE NET NEUTRALITY](https://github.com/save-net-neutrality)

# biocode repository
Contains various links

## For Reference:

### Biology

  * [**Sequence Variants**](doc/seq_variants.md)
  * [**Pedigree Reference**](./doc/pedigree_reference.png) and [**Punnett Squares for Blood Type**](./doc/ABO_punnett_square.png)
  * [**Mouse Resources**](./doc/mouse_resources/README.md)
  * An Excellent [**Explanation of the Multiple Comparisons Issue**](./doc/multiple_comparisons.md) by Geoffrey Brent
  * A good description of the [**PhD student experience**](./doc/How_PhD_thesis_topic.md)
    by [Yasha Berchenko-Kogan](http://math.mit.edu/~yashabk/)

### Bio Downloads
  * Selected [downloads](biodownloads/README.md) from Biological databases
  * [Biosketch, CV, resume](./doc/resume/biosketch_dvklopfenstein2015.pdf)

### Color Picking
  * [**colormaps**](https://scipy-lectures.github.io/_images/plot_colormaps_1.png) and
    [**more colormaps**](http://matplotlib.org/examples/color/colormaps_reference.html) and
    [matplotlib colors](http://matplotlib.org/api/colors_api.html)
  * [**Named Colors**](http://matplotlib.org/examples/color/named_colors.html)
  * [**xkcd color picker**](http://klaash.github.io/xkcdcolorpicker/#ff0000)
  * [**Map Colors**](http://colorbrewer2.org/)
  * [**Color Hex Color Palettes**](http://www.color-hex.com/color-palettes/popular.php)
  * [**AI generated paint colors**](http://lewisandquark.tumblr.com/post/160776374467/new-paint-colors-invented-by-neural-network)

### Advice on Color Picking
  * [**J\*FLY**](http://jfly.iam.u-tokyo.ac.jp/color/index.html)
  * [**Mapbox**](https://www.mapbox.com/tilemill/docs/guides/tips-for-color/)

### Code Quality
  * [Best Practices](https://gist.github.com/sloria/7001839)
  * [pylint](https://www.pylint.org/)
  * [pydocstyle](http://www.pydocstyle.org/en/latest/)
  * [Google Python Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html)
  * [Google Style Examples](http://sphinxcontrib-napoleon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/example_google.html)
  * [PyPI release checklist](https://github.com/YeoLab/outrigger/blob/master/docs/releases/checklist.md)
  * [What every programmer should know](https://github.com/mr-mig/every-programmer-should-know)

### LaTex
  * [https://www.sharelatex.com/learn](https://www.sharelatex.com/learn)
  * [Equations with LaTeX](https://www.authorea.com/users/77723/articles/110898-how-to-write-mathematical-equations-expressions-and-symbols-with-latex-a-cheatsheet)
  * [Adding references from an external file](https://texblog.org/2016/08/23/adding-references-from-an-external-file/)
  * [Referring to labels in other documents](http://www.tex.ac.uk/FAQ-extref.html)
  * [Greek letters](https://www.sharelatex.com/learn/List_of_Greek_letters_and_math_symbols)
  * [Cover letter tips](https://stuartcantrill.com/2013/11/02/10-quick-cover-letter-tips-for-submitting-scientific-papers/)

### Statistics
  * [Simply Statistics](http://simplystatistics.org/)
  * [A biologist's guide to statistical thinking and analysis](http://www.wormbook.org/chapters/www_statisticalanalysis/statisticalanalysis.html)
  * Johns Hopkins John McGready:
    * [Statistical Reasoning I](
       http://ocw.jhsph.edu/index.cfm/go/viewCourse/course/StatisticalReasoning1/coursePage/lectureNotes/)

### Machine Learning
#### Specific Articles
- **2017-01** | Dermatologist-level classification of skin cancer with deep neural networks | *Andre Esteva, Brett Kuprel, Roberto A. Novoa, Justin Ko, Susan M. Swetter, Helen M. Blau & Sebastian Thrun* | [Nature](https://doi.org/10.1038/nature21056)
#### Information
  * [Deep Learning Applications in Biology](https://github.com/gokceneraslan/awesome-deepbio/blob/master/README.md)

### RNA-seq
  * **2015-07** | [How data analysis affects power, reproducibility and biological insight of RNA-seq studies in complex datasets ](
    https://academic.oup.com/nar/article/43/16/7664/1076142/How-data-analysis-affects-power-reproducibility?searchresult=1) |
*Lucia Peixoto, Davide Risso, Shane G. Poplawski, Mathieu E. Wimmer, Terence P. Speed, Marcelo A. Wood, Ted Abel*

### R and Python
  * [Data Analysis in Python](http://www.data-analysis-in-python.org/)    
  * 2016 Dec [Domino’s Chief Data Scientist, Eduardo Ariño de la Rubia](https://blog.dominodatalab.com/video-huge-debate-r-vs-python-data-science/)
    * **Python**    
      * **Collecting Data:**
        * **Feather** Fast binary file format    
        * **IBIS** Unlock your data    
        * **PARATEXT** fast sane defaults    
        * **BCOLZ** When you have more data than RAM
      * **Visualization:**    
        * **Altair**    
        * **Bokeh** interactive visualizations    
        * **Geoplotlib** geographical data    
      * **Cleaning Data:**    
        * **Blaze** numpy->ANY backend (DB, Cluster, etc...)   
        * **xarray** highly dimensional data (like Pandas)
        * ** Dask** parallel computing    
      * **Modeling:**    
        * **Keras** high-level neural networks (skip tensorflow)
        * **PyMC3** Bayesian
    * **R** Hadley Wickham,     
      * **Collecting Data:**A
        * **Feather**
        * **Haven** SAS, SPSS, or Stata data -> R tibbles     
        * **readr** (NO:read.csv) For floats/ints/NA
        * **JsonLight** 
      * **Visualization:**    
        * **ggplot2** ground-breaking updates    
        * **htmlwidgets** D3 brought to R via Javascript insert     
        * **Leaflet** 
        * **tilegramR** Scales to population    
      * **Cleaning Data:**    
        * **dplyr**
        * **broom** (tidy|augment|glance)
        * **tidytext** for nlp    
      * **Modeling:**    
        * **MXNet**
        * **TensorFlow** Google's deep learning

## Links

* [How do project owners use pull requests on Github?](
  http://www.gousios.gr/blog/How-do-project-owners-use-pull-requests-on-Github/)
* [NCBI](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/)
  * [NCBI Insights](https://ncbiinsights.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/)
  * [RefSeq release 79 now available](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/news/11-07-2016-refseq-79/)
  * [Genome Workbench](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/tools/gbench/releasenotes/)
* [GENCODE](http://www.gencodegenes.org/)
* [DrugBank](http://www.drugbank.ca/)
* [UniProt](http://www.uniprot.org/)
* [OMIM](http://www.omim.org/) Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man(R)
* [UCSC](https://genome.ucsc.edu/)
* [Kegg](http://www.genome.jp/kegg/kegg2.html)
* [HGNC](http://www.genenames.org/) HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee
* [HGDP population Allele Frequencies](http://hgdp.uchicago.edu/data/Alfreqs/)
* [Matplotlib](http://www.aosabook.org/en/matplotlib.html)

## Github

* [Manage GitHub labels](https://github.com/elastic/beats/wiki/How-to-manage-the-GitHub-labels)
* [GitHub label colors](https://codepen.io/Z1MM32M4N/pen/YXxvRq)
* [Popular topics](https://www.gitlogs.com/awesome-topics)
* [Explore](https://github.com/explore)
* [Trending](https://github.com/trending?since=monthly)
* [Most stars](https://github.com/search?l=Go&o=desc&q=go&ref=advsearch&s=stars&type=Repositories)
* **Max File Size:**
  * [100MB Max]([https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17382375/github-file-size-limit-changed-6-18-13-cant-push-now)


## Electrical Engineering
In a previous life...
  * Dennis Feruson's answer for [**"How do capacitors go bad?**](./doc/bad_capacitors.md)

## Misc.
  * [Learn to land an airplane if the pilot becomes incapacitated](
     http://www.aopa.org/aopa-live?watch=lldXB1MjrCR2n2wMlJsc_lpw9C2mbcdf)
  * [Memorize the 20 Amino Acids in 9 Minutes](https://youtu.be/m130s94pMjE)
  * [Anatomy & Physiology](http://highered.mheducation.com/sites/0073378232/student_view0/index.html)

_Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire._    
-William Butler Yeats

Copyright (C) 2015-2016, DV Klopfenstein. All rights reserved.

Commit message:

Added updates on Net Neutrality

README.md, after:

# [SAVE NET NEUTRALITY](https://github.com/save-net-neutrality)
**Feb 21, 2018: The FEC has overturned net neutrality.**    
Call your state attorney general; Ask that they work to block the order from taking effect.

**Apr 21, 2018: Deadline for Congress to vote to overturn the decision**    
Call your representatives. Ask then to vote to overturn the demise of net neutrality.    

# biocode repository
Contains various links

## For Reference:

### Biology

  * [**Sequence Variants**](doc/seq_variants.md)
  * [**Pedigree Reference**](./doc/pedigree_reference.png) and [**Punnett Squares for Blood Type**](./doc/ABO_punnett_square.png)
  * [**Mouse Resources**](./doc/mouse_resources/README.md)
  * An Excellent [**Explanation of the Multiple Comparisons Issue**](./doc/multiple_comparisons.md) by Geoffrey Brent
  * A good description of the [**PhD student experience**](./doc/How_PhD_thesis_topic.md)
    by [Yasha Berchenko-Kogan](http://math.mit.edu/~yashabk/)

### Bio Downloads
  * Selected [downloads](biodownloads/README.md) from Biological databases
  * [Biosketch, CV, resume](./doc/resume/biosketch_dvklopfenstein2015.pdf)

### Color Picking
  * [**colormaps**](https://scipy-lectures.github.io/_images/plot_colormaps_1.png) and
    [**more colormaps**](http://matplotlib.org/examples/color/colormaps_reference.html) and
    [matplotlib colors](http://matplotlib.org/api/colors_api.html)
  * [**Named Colors**](http://matplotlib.org/examples/color/named_colors.html)
  * [**xkcd color picker**](http://klaash.github.io/xkcdcolorpicker/#ff0000)
  * [**Map Colors**](http://colorbrewer2.org/)
  * [**Color Hex Color Palettes**](http://www.color-hex.com/color-palettes/popular.php)
  * [**AI generated paint colors**](http://lewisandquark.tumblr.com/post/160776374467/new-paint-colors-invented-by-neural-network)

### Advice on Color Picking
  * [**J\*FLY**](http://jfly.iam.u-tokyo.ac.jp/color/index.html)
  * [**Mapbox**](https://www.mapbox.com/tilemill/docs/guides/tips-for-color/)

### Code Quality
  * [Best Practices](https://gist.github.com/sloria/7001839)
  * [pylint](https://www.pylint.org/)
  * [pydocstyle](http://www.pydocstyle.org/en/latest/)
  * [Google Python Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html)
  * [Google Style Examples](http://sphinxcontrib-napoleon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/example_google.html)
  * [PyPI release checklist](https://github.com/YeoLab/outrigger/blob/master/docs/releases/checklist.md)
  * [What every programmer should know](https://github.com/mr-mig/every-programmer-should-know)

### LaTex
  * [https://www.sharelatex.com/learn](https://www.sharelatex.com/learn)
  * [Equations with LaTeX](https://www.authorea.com/users/77723/articles/110898-how-to-write-mathematical-equations-expressions-and-symbols-with-latex-a-cheatsheet)
  * [Adding references from an external file](https://texblog.org/2016/08/23/adding-references-from-an-external-file/)
  * [Referring to labels in other documents](http://www.tex.ac.uk/FAQ-extref.html)
  * [Greek letters](https://www.sharelatex.com/learn/List_of_Greek_letters_and_math_symbols)
  * [Cover letter tips](https://stuartcantrill.com/2013/11/02/10-quick-cover-letter-tips-for-submitting-scientific-papers/)

### Statistics
  * [Simply Statistics](http://simplystatistics.org/)
  * [A biologist's guide to statistical thinking and analysis](http://www.wormbook.org/chapters/www_statisticalanalysis/statisticalanalysis.html)
  * Johns Hopkins John McGready:
    * [Statistical Reasoning I](
       http://ocw.jhsph.edu/index.cfm/go/viewCourse/course/StatisticalReasoning1/coursePage/lectureNotes/)

### Machine Learning
#### Specific Articles
- **2017-01** | Dermatologist-level classification of skin cancer with deep neural networks | *Andre Esteva, Brett Kuprel, Roberto A. Novoa, Justin Ko, Susan M. Swetter, Helen M. Blau & Sebastian Thrun* | [Nature](https://doi.org/10.1038/nature21056)
#### Information
  * [Deep Learning Applications in Biology](https://github.com/gokceneraslan/awesome-deepbio/blob/master/README.md)

### RNA-seq
  * **2015-07** | [How data analysis affects power, reproducibility and biological insight of RNA-seq studies in complex datasets ](
    https://academic.oup.com/nar/article/43/16/7664/1076142/How-data-analysis-affects-power-reproducibility?searchresult=1) |
*Lucia Peixoto, Davide Risso, Shane G. Poplawski, Mathieu E. Wimmer, Terence P. Speed, Marcelo A. Wood, Ted Abel*

### R and Python
  * [Data Analysis in Python](http://www.data-analysis-in-python.org/)    
  * 2016 Dec [Domino’s Chief Data Scientist, Eduardo Ariño de la Rubia](https://blog.dominodatalab.com/video-huge-debate-r-vs-python-data-science/)
    * **Python**    
      * **Collecting Data:**
        * **Feather** Fast binary file format    
        * **IBIS** Unlock your data    
        * **PARATEXT** fast sane defaults    
        * **BCOLZ** When you have more data than RAM
      * **Visualization:**    
        * **Altair**    
        * **Bokeh** interactive visualizations    
        * **Geoplotlib** geographical data    
      * **Cleaning Data:**    
        * **Blaze** numpy->ANY backend (DB, Cluster, etc...)   
        * **xarray** highly dimensional data (like Pandas)
        * ** Dask** parallel computing    
      * **Modeling:**    
        * **Keras** high-level neural networks (skip tensorflow)
        * **PyMC3** Bayesian
    * **R** Hadley Wickham,     
      * **Collecting Data:**A
        * **Feather**
        * **Haven** SAS, SPSS, or Stata data -> R tibbles     
        * **readr** (NO:read.csv) For floats/ints/NA
        * **JsonLight** 
      * **Visualization:**    
        * **ggplot2** ground-breaking updates    
        * **htmlwidgets** D3 brought to R via Javascript insert     
        * **Leaflet** 
        * **tilegramR** Scales to population    
      * **Cleaning Data:**    
        * **dplyr**
        * **broom** (tidy|augment|glance)
        * **tidytext** for nlp    
      * **Modeling:**    
        * **MXNet**
        * **TensorFlow** Google's deep learning

## Links

* [How do project owners use pull requests on Github?](
  http://www.gousios.gr/blog/How-do-project-owners-use-pull-requests-on-Github/)
* [NCBI](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/)
  * [NCBI Insights](https://ncbiinsights.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/)
  * [RefSeq release 79 now available](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/news/11-07-2016-refseq-79/)
  * [Genome Workbench](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/tools/gbench/releasenotes/)
* [GENCODE](http://www.gencodegenes.org/)
* [DrugBank](http://www.drugbank.ca/)
* [UniProt](http://www.uniprot.org/)
* [OMIM](http://www.omim.org/) Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man(R)
* [UCSC](https://genome.ucsc.edu/)
* [Kegg](http://www.genome.jp/kegg/kegg2.html)
* [HGNC](http://www.genenames.org/) HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee
* [HGDP population Allele Frequencies](http://hgdp.uchicago.edu/data/Alfreqs/)
* [Matplotlib](http://www.aosabook.org/en/matplotlib.html)

## Github

* [Manage GitHub labels](https://github.com/elastic/beats/wiki/How-to-manage-the-GitHub-labels)
* [GitHub label colors](https://codepen.io/Z1MM32M4N/pen/YXxvRq)
* [Popular topics](https://www.gitlogs.com/awesome-topics)
* [Explore](https://github.com/explore)
* [Trending](https://github.com/trending?since=monthly)
* [Most stars](https://github.com/search?l=Go&o=desc&q=go&ref=advsearch&s=stars&type=Repositories)
* **Max File Size:**
  * [100MB Max]([https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17382375/github-file-size-limit-changed-6-18-13-cant-push-now)


## Electrical Engineering
In a previous life...
  * Dennis Feruson's answer for [**"How do capacitors go bad?**](./doc/bad_capacitors.md)

## Misc.
  * [Learn to land an airplane if the pilot becomes incapacitated](
     http://www.aopa.org/aopa-live?watch=lldXB1MjrCR2n2wMlJsc_lpw9C2mbcdf)
  * [Memorize the 20 Amino Acids in 9 Minutes](https://youtu.be/m130s94pMjE)
  * [Anatomy & Physiology](http://highered.mheducation.com/sites/0073378232/student_view0/index.html)

_Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire._    
-William Butler Yeats

Copyright (C) 2015-2016, DV Klopfenstein. All rights reserved.
