# NCBI Results for search query:
* Query: `asthma[mesh] AND leukotrienes[mesh] AND "last 6 months" [DP]`
* Date: 2014-08-24

# Table of 6 PubMed IDs returned with query

| PMID        | Pub           | Title |
| ----------- |:-------------:|:----- |
|[24890720] (#PMID24890720) |2014 Jul 1|Aspirin activation of eosinophils and mast cells: implications in the pathogenesis of aspirin-exacerbated respiratory disease.|
|[24845378] (#PMID24845378) |2014 Jul 4|Montelukast suppresses epithelial to mesenchymal transition of bronchial epithelial cells induced by eosinophils.|
|[24607050] (#PMID24607050) |2014 Mar-Apr|Alcohol-induced respiratory symptoms are common in patients with aspirin exacerbated respiratory disease.|
|[24580138] (#PMID24580138) |2014 May|Low-level environmental tobacco smoke exposure and inflammatory biomarkers in children with asthma.|
|[24530097] (#PMID24530097) |2014 Apr|Exhaled breath condensate eicosanoid levels in asthma: still questioned.|
|[24361619] (#PMID24361619) |2014 Jun|Neutralization of leukotriene C4 and D4 activity by monoclonal and single-chain antibodies.|

# Abstracts for all PubMed IDs returned with the user query

##################################################################
## <a name=PMID24890720></a>0) PMID: [24890720] (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=24890720)
* **Title**         : Aspirin activation of eosinophils and mast cells: implications in the pathogenesis of aspirin-exacerbated respiratory disease.
* **Journal Title** : Journal of immunology (Baltimore, Md. : 1950)
* **Date of Pub.**  : 2014 Jul 1
* **Affiliation**   : Asthma and Allergic Disease Center, Department of Medicine, University of Virginia Health System, Charlottesville, VA 22908; Carter Immunology Center, University of Virginia Health System, Charlottesville, VA 22908; and. Asthma and Allergic Disease Center, Department of Medicine, University of Virginia Health System, Charlottesville, VA 22908; Carter Immunology Center, University of Virginia Health System, Charlottesville, VA 22908; and. Asthma and Allergic Disease Center, Department of Medicine, University of Virginia Health System, Charlottesville, VA 22908; Carter Immunology Center, University of Virginia Health System, Charlottesville, VA 22908; and. Asthma and Allergic Disease Center, Department of Medicine, University of Virginia Health System, Charlottesville, VA 22908; Carter Immunology Center, University of Virginia Health System, Charlottesville, VA 22908; and Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, University of Virginia Health System, Charlottesville, VA 22908. Asthma and Allergic Disease Center, Department of Medicine, University of Virginia Health System, Charlottesville, VA 22908; Carter Immunology Center, University of Virginia Health System, Charlottesville, VA 22908; and lb4m@virginia.edu.
* **Abstract**
Reactions to aspirin and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in patients with aspirin-exacerbated respiratory disease (AERD) are triggered when constraints upon activated eosinophils, normally supplied by PGE2, are removed secondary to cyclooxygenase-1 inhibition. However, the mechanism driving the concomitant cellular activation is unknown. We investigated the capacity of aspirin itself to provide this activation signal. Eosinophils were enriched from peripheral blood samples and activated with lysine ASA (LysASA). Parallel samples were stimulated with related nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. Activation was evaluated as Ca2+ flux, secretion of cysteinyl leukotrienes (CysLT), and eosinophil-derived neurotoxin (EDN) release. CD34+ progenitor-derived mast cells were also used to test the influence of aspirin on human mast cells with measurements of Ca2+ flux and PGD2 release. LysASA induced Ca2+ fluxes and EDN release, but not CysLT secretion from circulating eosinophils. There was no difference in the sensitivity or extent of activation between AERD and control subjects, and sodium salicylate was without effect. Like eosinophils, aspirin was able to activate human mast cells directly through Ca2+ flux and PGD2 release. AERD is associated with eosinophils maturing locally in a high IFN-gamma milieu. As such, in additional studies, eosinophil progenitors were differentiated in the presence of IFN-gamma prior to activation with aspirin. Eosinophils matured in the presence of IFN-gamma displayed robust secretion of both EDN and CysLTs. These studies identify aspirin as the trigger of eosinophil and mast cell activation in AERD, acting in synergy with its ability to release cells from the anti-inflammatory constraints of PGE2.

##################################################################
## <a name=PMID24845378></a>1) PMID: [24845378] (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=24845378)
* **Title**         : Montelukast suppresses epithelial to mesenchymal transition of bronchial epithelial cells induced by eosinophils.
* **Journal Title** : Biochemical and biophysical research communications
* **Date of Pub.**  : 2014 Jul 4
* **Affiliation**   : Institute for Clinical Research, Mie National Hospital, Japan; Department of Immunology, Mie University Graduate School of Medicine, Japan. Institute for Clinical Research, Mie National Hospital, Japan. Department of Immunology, Mie University Graduate School of Medicine, Japan. Department of Immunology, Mie University Graduate School of Medicine, Japan; Iwade Research Institute of Mycology, Japan. Department of Immunology, Mie University Graduate School of Medicine, Japan. Department of Immunology, Mie University Graduate School of Medicine, Japan. Department of Immunology, Mie University Graduate School of Medicine, Japan. Department of Immunology, Mie University Graduate School of Medicine, Japan. Institute for Clinical Research, Mie National Hospital, Japan. Institute for Clinical Research, Mie National Hospital, Japan. Electronic address: gabazza@clin.medic.mie-u.ac.jp.
* **Abstract**
Epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT) is a mechanism by which eosinophils can induce airway remodeling. Montelukast, an antagonist of the cysteinyl leukotriene receptor, can suppress airway remodeling in asthma. The purpose of this study was to evaluate whether montelukast can ameliorate airway remodeling by blocking EMT induced by eosinophils. EMT induced was assessed using a co-culture system of human bronchial epithelial cells and human eosinophils or the eosinophilic leukemia cell lines, Eol-1. Montelukast inhibited co-culture associated morphological changes of BEAS-2b cells, decreased the expression of vimentin and collagen I, and increased the expression of E-cadherin. Montelukast mitigated the rise of TGF-beta1 production and Smad3 phosphorylation. Co-culture of human eosinophils with BEAS-2B cells significantly enhanced the production of CysLTs compared with BEAS-2B cells or eosinophils alone. The increase of CysLTs was abolished by montelukast pre-treatment. Montelukast had similar effects when co-culture system of Eol-1 and BEAS-2B was used. This study showed that montelukast suppresses eosinophils-induced EMT of airway epithelial cells. This finding may explain the mechanism of montelukast-mediated amelioration of airway remodeling in bronchial asthma.

##################################################################
## <a name=PMID24607050></a>2) PMID: [24607050] (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=24607050)
* **Title**         : Alcohol-induced respiratory symptoms are common in patients with aspirin exacerbated respiratory disease.
* **Journal Title** : The journal of allergy and clinical immunology. In practice
* **Date of Pub.**  : 2014 Mar-Apr
* **Affiliation**   : Division of Rheumatology, Immunology, and Allergy, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, Mass. Division of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology, Scripps Clinic, San Diego, Calif. Division of Rheumatology, Immunology, and Allergy, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, Mass; Department of Medicine, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Mass. Division of Rheumatology, Immunology, and Allergy, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, Mass; Department of Medicine, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Mass. Division of Rheumatology, Immunology, and Allergy, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, Mass; Department of Medicine, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Mass. Division of Rheumatology, Immunology, and Allergy, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, Mass; Department of Medicine, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Mass. Department of Surgery, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Mass; Division of Otolaryngology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, Mass. Division of Rheumatology, Immunology, and Allergy, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, Mass; Department of Medicine, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Mass. Electronic address: tlaidlaw@partners.org.
* **Abstract**
BACKGROUND: A large percentage of patients with aspirin exacerbated respiratory disease (AERD) report the development of alcohol-induced respiratory reactions, but the true prevalence of respiratory reactions caused by alcoholic beverages in these patients was not known. OBJECTIVE: We sought to evaluate the incidence and characteristics of alcohol-induced respiratory reactions in patients with AERD. METHODS: A questionnaire designed to assess alcohol-induced respiratory symptoms was administered to patients at Brigham and Women's Hospital and Scripps Clinic. At least 50 patients were recruited into each of 4 clinical groups: (1) patients with aspirin challenge-confirmed AERD, (2) patients with aspirin-tolerant asthma (ATA), (3) patients with aspirin tolerance and with chronic rhinosinusitis, and (4) healthy controls. Two-tailed Fisher exact tests with Bonferroni corrections were used to compare the prevalence of respiratory symptoms among AERD and other groups, with P </= .017 considered significant. RESULTS: The prevalence of alcohol-induced upper (rhinorrhea and/or nasal congestion) respiratory reactions in patients with AERD was 75% compared with 33% with aspirin-tolerant asthma, 30% with chronic rhinosinusitis, and 14% with healthy controls (P < .001 for all comparisons). The prevalence of alcohol-induced lower (wheezing and/or dyspnea) respiratory reactions in AERD was 51% compared with 20% in aspirin-tolerant asthma and with 0% in both chronic rhinosinusitis and healthy controls (P < .001 for all comparisons). These reactions were generally not specific to one type of alcohol and often occurred after ingestion of only a few sips of alcohol. CONCLUSION: Alcohol ingestion causes respiratory reactions in the majority of patients with AERD, and clinicians should be aware that these alcohol-induced reactions are significantly more common in AERD than in controls who are aspirin tolerant.

##################################################################
## <a name=PMID24580138></a>3) PMID: [24580138] (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=24580138)
* **Title**         : Low-level environmental tobacco smoke exposure and inflammatory biomarkers in children with asthma.
* **Journal Title** : The Journal of asthma : official journal of the Association for the Care of Asthma
* **Date of Pub.**  : 2014 May
* **Affiliation**   : Division of Pulmonary & Critical Care and Sleep Medicine, Department of Medicine, Wayne State University , Detroit, MI , USA and.
* **Abstract**
OBJECTIVE: The effects of low-level environmental tobacco smoke (ETS) exposure, on asthma control, lung function and inflammatory biomarkers in children with asthma have not been well studied. The objective of the study was to assess ETS exposure in school-age children with asthma whose parents either deny smoking or only smoke outside the home, and to assess the impact of low-level ETS exposure on asthma control, spirometry and inflammatory biomarkers. METHODS: Forty patients age 8-18 years with well-controlled, mild-to-moderate persistent asthma treated with either inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) or montelukast were enrolled. Subjects completed an age-appropriate Asthma Control Test and a smoke exposure questionnaire, and exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO), spirometry, urinary cotinine and leukotriene E(4) (LTE(4)) were measured. ETS-exposed and unexposed groups were compared. RESULTS: Only one parent reported smoking in the home, yet 28 (70%) subjects had urinary cotinine levels >/=1 ng/ml, suggesting ETS exposure. Seven subjects (18%) had FeNO levels >25parts per billion, six of whom were in the ETS-exposed group. In the ICS-treated subjects, but not in the montelukast-treated subjects, ETS exposure was associated with higher urinary LTE(4), p = 0.04, but had no effect on asthma control, forced expiratory volume in 1 s or FeNO. CONCLUSIONS: A majority of school-age children with persistent asthma may be exposed to ETS, as measured by urinary cotinine, even if their parents insist they don't smoke in the home. Urinary LTE(4) was higher in the ETS-exposed children treated with ICS, but not in children treated with montelukast.

##################################################################
## <a name=PMID24530097></a>4) PMID: [24530097] (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=24530097)
* **Title**         : Exhaled breath condensate eicosanoid levels in asthma: still questioned.
* **Journal Title** : The Journal of allergy and clinical immunology
* **Date of Pub.**  : 2014 Apr
* **Affiliation**   : State Key Laboratory of Respiratory Disease, National Clinical Research Center for Respiratory Disease, First Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China. Department of Epidemiology, School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine, Southern Medical University, Guangdong, China. State Key Laboratory of Respiratory Disease, National Clinical Research Center for Respiratory Disease, First Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China. Electronic address: jpzhenggy@163.com.
* **Abstract**


##################################################################
## <a name=PMID24361619></a>5) PMID: [24361619] (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=24361619)
* **Title**         : Neutralization of leukotriene C4 and D4 activity by monoclonal and single-chain antibodies.
* **Journal Title** : Biochimica et biophysica acta
* **Date of Pub.**  : 2014 Jun
* **Affiliation**   : Department of Nutritional Science, Faculty of Health and Welfare Science, Okayama Prefectural University, Okayama 719-1197, Japan. Department of Nutritional Science, Faculty of Health and Welfare Science, Okayama Prefectural University, Okayama 719-1197, Japan. Department of Nutritional Science, Faculty of Health and Welfare Science, Okayama Prefectural University, Okayama 719-1197, Japan. Department of Nutritional Science, Faculty of Health and Welfare Science, Okayama Prefectural University, Okayama 719-1197, Japan. Department of Nutritional Science, Faculty of Health and Welfare Science, Okayama Prefectural University, Okayama 719-1197, Japan. Department of Nutritional Science, Faculty of Health and Welfare Science, Okayama Prefectural University, Okayama 719-1197, Japan. Department of Nutritional Science, Faculty of Health and Welfare Science, Okayama Prefectural University, Okayama 719-1197, Japan. Department of Nutritional Science, Faculty of Health and Welfare Science, Okayama Prefectural University, Okayama 719-1197, Japan. Department of Nutritional Science, Faculty of Health and Welfare Science, Okayama Prefectural University, Okayama 719-1197, Japan. Department of Biochemistry, Gunma University Graduate School of Medicine, Gunma 371-8511, Japan. Department of Biochemistry, Gunma University Graduate School of Medicine, Gunma 371-8511, Japan. Department of Respiratory Care & Sleep Control Medicine, Kyoto University Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto 606-8501, Japan. Department of Pharmacology, Kyoto University Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto 606-8501, Japan. Structural Biophysics Laboratory, RIKEN SPring-8 Center, Harima Institute, Hyogo 679-5148, Japan. Structural Biophysics Laboratory, RIKEN SPring-8 Center, Harima Institute, Hyogo 679-5148, Japan; Department of Chemistry and Biological Science, College of Science and Engineering, Aoyama Gakuin University, Kanagawa 252-5258, Japan. Department of Food and Nutrition, Kyoto Women's University, Kyoto 605-8501, Japan. Department of Nutritional Science, Faculty of Health and Welfare Science, Okayama Prefectural University, Okayama 719-1197, Japan. Electronic address: ytaka@fhw.oka-pu.ac.jp.
* **Abstract**
BACKGROUND: Cysteinyl leukotrienes (LTs) are key mediators in inflammation. To explore the structure of the antigen-recognition site of a monoclonal antibody against LTC4 (mAbLTC), we previously isolated full-length cDNAs for heavy and light chains of the antibody and prepared a single-chain antibody comprising variable regions of these two chains (scFvLTC). METHODS: We examined whether mAbLTC and scFvLTC neutralized the biological activities of LTC4 and LTD4 by competing their binding to their receptors. RESULTS: mAbLTC and scFvLTC inhibited their binding of LTC4 or LTD4 to CysLT1 receptor (CysLT1R) and CysLT2 receptor (CysLT2R) overexpressed in Chinese hamster ovary cells. The induction by LTD4 of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 and interleukin-8 mRNAs in human monocytic leukemia THP-1 cells expressing CysLT1R was dose-dependently suppressed not only by mAbLTC but also by scFvLTC. LTC4- and LTD4-induced aggregation of mouse platelets expressing CysLT2R was dose-dependently suppressed by either mAbLTC or scFvLTC. Administration of mAbLTC reduced pulmonary eosinophil infiltration and goblet cell hyperplasia observed in a murine model of asthma. Furthermore, mAbLTC bound to CysLT2R antagonists but not to CysLT1R antagonists. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that mAbLTC and scFvLTC neutralize the biological activities of LTs by competing their binding to CysLT1R and CysLT2R. Furthermore, the binding of cysteinyl LT receptor antagonists to mAbLTC suggests the structural resemblance of the LT-recognition site of the antibody to that of these receptors. GENERAL SIGNIFICANCE: mAbLTC can be used in the treatment of inflammatory diseases such as asthma.
